# Retiring Employees and Mentorship Eligibility Analysis
## Overview
Pewlett-Hackard (PH) is a massive corporation that produces computers and related equipment, and has hundreds of thousands of employees. However, many employees are reaching retirement age and will soon be gone from the company. PH is currently seeing 72,458 people retire in the coming few years, which means the experience and expertise of 72,458 people will be leaving the company. In order to remain on the cutting edge of technological advancement, PH has created a mentorship program where the newer employees work under the tutelage of the seasoned employees. The majority of employees leaving the company are senior staff and senior engineers, a huge loss of human capital for Pewlett-Hackard. 

## Method and Results
In order to start the process of spinning up the mentorship program we first needed to find out how many people were retiring and their job titles. We isolated the individuals working for PH born between 1 January 1952 and 31 December 1955, these individuals are imminently retiring. We then determined who was eligible for the mentorship program, those born in 1965; this demographic will be retiring soon, but not imminently. However, out of 72,458 retiring employees, only 1550 were eligible for the mentorship program, or roughly 2% of the retiring employees. This makes it critical for PH to get as many of those people into the mentorship program as possible. 

## Recommendation
The data analysts working on this project recommend PH offer incentives to those eligible for the mentorship program. Additionally, we recommend PH announce loudly and repeatedly the mentorship program and what it has to offer, up to and including accelerated advancement opportunities. Further, it would be a good idea to include the mentorship opportunity in job advertisements on Indeed, LinkdIn, ZipRecruiter, and any other locations where PH positions are posted. We believe PH has the opportunity to seamlessly transition from its older Baby-Boomer-dominated workforce to its Millenial and Gen-Z dominated workforce. Down the line, it would be prudent for PH to keep up with raises, cost of living, and offer improved benefits for both its mentor-trained employees and the retirement packages of its mentors.
